Added documentation for select entries, map-to-list, and trucate processors. (#6660)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/select-entries.md

---
layout: default
title: select_entries
parent: Processors
grand_parent: Pipelines
nav_order: 59
---

# select_entries

> The `select_entries` processor selects entries from a Data Prepper event.

Reviewer: I think we can be more explicit here.

> The `select_entries` processor selects entries from a Data Prepper event. Only the selected entries will remain in the event and all other ones will be removed.

> The `select_entries` processor selects entries from a Data Prepper event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `select_entries` processor selects entries from a Data Prepper event. Only the selected entries will remain in the event and all other ones will be removed.
```

## Configuration

> You can configure the `select_entries` processor wusing the following options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the `select_entries` processor using the following options.
```

> The `select_entries` processor selects entries from a Data Prepper event. Only the selected entries will remain in the event and all other entries will be removed from the event.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `select_entries` processor selects entries from a Data Prepper event. Only the selected entries will remain in the event, and all other entries will be removed from the event.
```

| Option | Required | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `include_keys` | Yes | A list of keys to be selected from an event. |
| `select_when` | No | A [conditional expression](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/), such as `/some-key == "test"'`, that will be evaluated to determine whether the processor will be run on the event. |

### Usage

> The following example shows how to configure the `select_entries` processor inside of the `pipeline.yaml` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to configure the `select_entries` processor in the `pipeline.yaml` file:
```

```yaml
pipeline:
  source:
    ...
  ....  
  processor:
    - select_entries:
        entries:
        - include_keys: [ "key1", "key2" ]
          add_when: '/some_key == "test"'
  sink:
```
{% include copy.html %}

For example, when your source contains the following event record:

```json
{"message": "hello", "key1" : "value1", "key2" : "value2", "some_key" : "test"}
```

> The `select_entries` processor include only `key1` and `key2` in the processed output:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `select_entries` processor includes only `key1` and `key2` in the processed output:
```
